# Springboard Data Science Mini-Projects

### Data Wrangling
1. [SQL with Mode Analytics](https://modeanalytics.com/dtse/reports/f9c91d091a0b): In this case study, I role play as an analyst responsible for triaging product and business problems as they come up. In many cases, these problems surface through key metric dashboards that execs and managers check daily. One morning, I noticed a dip in user engagement and now I am responsible for determining what caused the dip and, if appropriate, recommending solutions for the problem. At the end, I recommended a further discussion with the product manager to look closely into the mobile U.S. users who recently experienced lower email click-through rates thus leading to lower user engagement.
2. [SQL with country club data](https://github.com/dtse91/Springboard/blob/master/Data%20Wrangling/1520094343_sql_project.sql): I am approached by the owners of a country club (fictitious) and asked to answer several business-related questions. The data is located in a MySQL database with three tables related to a fictitious country club: Facilities, Members and Bookings. I use a variety of SQL commands such as joins, aggregations, filters and subqueries to answer their business questions.
3. [JSON Data Wrangling with World Bank Data](https://github.com/dtse91/Springboard/blob/master/Data%20Wrangling/JSON%20Project/sliderule_dsi_json_exercise.ipynb): Given a World Bank dataset, I first load the data into a dataframe and use groupings and agggregations to gain insights about World Bank projects. I also perform visualizations and clean the data by filling in empty cells based on some rules.
4. [API JSON Data Wrangling with Quandl data](https://github.com/dtse91/Springboard/blob/master/Data%20Wrangling/API/api_data_wrangling_mini_project.ipynb): Using stock data from the Frankfurt Stock Exhange (FSE), I make a request with the Quandl API and convert the data to a dictionary. I then use list comprehensions and custom-made functions to better understand the performance of a particular stock in 2017.
